README.md, before:

# Hero-Hub

Welcome to HeroHub, your definitive portal to explore the vast and diverse universe of superheroes! Imagine a world where all the legends, myths, and powers come together on an accessible platform, a central point where the history and feats of each hero come to life.

HeroHub was created for superhero enthusiasts, whether they're newcomers to the comic book universe or long-time veterans. Here, every click reveals a treasure trove of detailed information about a myriad of legendary characters. From classic icons to newly emerged ones, all publishers have their place in this comprehensive catalog.

The essence of HeroHub lies in the wealth of details about each presented superhero. Explore detailed profiles, delve into unique abilities, and discover the incredible comics where these heroes made their mark. Whether flying through the skies with flaming capes or unraveling mysteries with brilliant intellects, each hero has a story to tell and a legacy to leave behind.

### Building a project

These projects were built with these technologies:

- [React](https://react.dev/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/pt-BR/)
- [Jest Environment Jsdom](https://jestjs.io/docs/next/tutorial-jquery)
- [Testing-library - jest-dom](https://testing-library.com/docs/ecosystem-jest-dom/)
- [Testing-library - react](https://testing-library.com/)
- [Testing-library - user-event](https://testing-library.com/docs/ecosystem-user-event/)
- [TailwindCss](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en) - version 18.12.1

### How to execute this project

**To run the application, be sure you have [Git](https://git-scm.com/) installed on your machine**.

1. Make clone this repository through the command:

```sh

$ git@github.com:LucasAnselmoSilva12345/John-Task-List.git

```

2. After performing the clone the project, still in the terminal, enter the project folder:

```sh

$ cd John-Task-List

```

Note: To perform the command execution in the next step, ensure that you have [node](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed on your machine to be able to use `npm`. Or, if you prefer to install the dependencies via `yarn`, make sure you have [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) installed on your machine.

3. After entering the project folder, run the command:

```sh

$ npm install

or

$ yarn

```

To perform the installation of dependencies.

4. After installing the dependencies and still in the project folder vide terminal, run the command:

```sh

$ code .

```

To open the project in the Visual Studio Code.

5. After opening the project in your Visual Studio Code, go back to the terminal screen, and run the command:

```sh

$ npm run dev

or

yarn dev

```

To execute the project

6. Once this is done, just open the project in your browser, through the link:

```sh

$ http://localhost:5173/

```

To execute unit or integration tests  

7. Execute this command in your terminal:

```sh
$ npm run test

or

yarn test
```

Commit message:

feat: Reference link to showed YouTube video project
Signed-off-by: LucasAnselmoSilva12345 <lucasanselmodasilva02@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Hero-Hub

Welcome to HeroHub, your definitive portal to explore the vast and diverse universe of superheroes! Imagine a world where all the legends, myths, and powers come together on an accessible platform, a central point where the history and feats of each hero come to life.

HeroHub was created for superhero enthusiasts, whether they're newcomers to the comic book universe or long-time veterans. Here, every click reveals a treasure trove of detailed information about a myriad of legendary characters. From classic icons to newly emerged ones, all publishers have their place in this comprehensive catalog.

The essence of HeroHub lies in the wealth of details about each presented superhero. Explore detailed profiles, delve into unique abilities, and discover the incredible comics where these heroes made their mark. Whether flying through the skies with flaming capes or unraveling mysteries with brilliant intellects, each hero has a story to tell and a legacy to leave behind.

## Project presentation

- [Hero Hub - Your definitive portal to explore the vast and diverse universe of superheroes!](https://youtu.be/W1D4dyVjGLY)

### Building a project

These projects were built with these technologies:

- [React](https://react.dev/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/pt-BR/)
- [Jest Environment Jsdom](https://jestjs.io/docs/next/tutorial-jquery)
- [Testing-library - jest-dom](https://testing-library.com/docs/ecosystem-jest-dom/)
- [Testing-library - react](https://testing-library.com/)
- [Testing-library - user-event](https://testing-library.com/docs/ecosystem-user-event/)
- [TailwindCss](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en) - version 18.12.1

### How to execute this project

**To run the application, be sure you have [Git](https://git-scm.com/) installed on your machine**.

1. Make clone this repository through the command:

```sh

$ git@github.com:LucasAnselmoSilva12345/John-Task-List.git

```

2. After performing the clone the project, still in the terminal, enter the project folder:

```sh

$ cd John-Task-List

```

Note: To perform the command execution in the next step, ensure that you have [node](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed on your machine to be able to use `npm`. Or, if you prefer to install the dependencies via `yarn`, make sure you have [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) installed on your machine.

3. After entering the project folder, run the command:

```sh

$ npm install

or

$ yarn

```

To perform the installation of dependencies.

4. After installing the dependencies and still in the project folder vide terminal, run the command:

```sh

$ code .

```

To open the project in the Visual Studio Code.

5. After opening the project in your Visual Studio Code, go back to the terminal screen, and run the command:

```sh

$ npm run dev

or

yarn dev

```

To execute the project

6. Once this is done, just open the project in your browser, through the link:

```sh

$ http://localhost:5173/

```

To execute unit or integration tests  

7. Execute this command in your terminal:

```sh
$ npm run test

or

yarn test
```
